---
title: 'Cyber Attack and How to Prevent It'
date: 2013-08-14
permalink: /posts/2013/08/blog-post-2/
tags:
  - Cyber Security
  - Cyber Crime
  - Cyber Defense
---

People today are used to the internet. However, security awareness is still low. In fact, there have been many cases of cyber crime or cyber attacks that have harmed big companies. Improving the cyber security system is an important part to avoid various dangerous attacks. So, what is a cyber attack?


Cyber Attack and How to Prevent It
What is Cyber Crime?
Cyber crime or cyber attacks are attacks launched by cybercriminals using one or more computers against one or more computers or networks. Cyberattacks can shut down a computer, steal data, or use the compromised computer as a launching point for other attacks. These criminals employ a variety of methods to launch attacks, including malware, phishing, ransomware, denial of service, and more.

SolarWinds Sunburst Attack Becomes The Most Dangerous Cyber ​​Attack
There are many types of cyber attacks and the SolarWinds Sunburst Attack is one of the most well-known attacks. Researchers believe that this type of attack is considered the most sophisticated and severe ever. His attacks were able to target major US government offices and many private sector organizations.

Several cyberattacks allow hackers to embed backdoors into SolarWinds software updates. More than 18,000 companies and government offices download what appear to be regular software updates on their computers, when in fact they are Trojan horses. Hackers take advantage of backdoors to compromise organizational assets allowing them to spy on the organization and access its data.

Ransomware Attack
Small state and local government agencies, especially in the southeastern US, have fallen victim to ransomware attacks. In 2020, Check Point Research saw an average daily increase of 50% of ransomware attacks. Large organizations around the world seem to be under a huge wave of ransomware attacks. Maze and Ryuk are two well-known types of ransomware. You have to be more careful, okay?

Cyber ​​Attack Trends
In its mid-year report, Check Point Research provides analysis looking at global cyberattack trends in malware as a whole, ransomware, as well as mobile malware and the cloud, as follows:

Trend 1: Increasing software chain attacks.
In chain attacks, perpetrators typically install malicious code into legitimate software by modifying and infecting one of the building blocks that the software relies on.

Trend 2: Phishing Cyber ​​Attacks.
Phishing is a popular cyber attack technique and continues to be one of the biggest threats to cybersecurity. Hackers use sophisticated social engineering evasion techniques to escape email security systems with greater frequency. The impact causes huge losses for victims in the form of leakage of personal data to material.

Trend 3: Cloud Attacks
The cloud assets that were targeted by hackers have been subjected to multiple attacks. Misconfiguration of the cloud is one of the main causes of a large number of data theft incidents and attacks experienced by organizations around the world.

Trend 4: Mobile Device Attacks
Criminals adapt techniques and methods from the common threat landscape to the mobile world. The malware is capable of stealing payment data, credentials, and funds from the victim’s bank account. This attack poses a threat not only to victims, but also to cyber security everywhere.

Prevent Cyber ​​Attacks
Cyber ​​attacks can be prevented by implementing a multi-layered cybersecurity architecture that spans all networks, from mobile devices to the cloud.

Here are steps you can take to prevent cyber attacks:

Maintain security cleanliness
Choose prevention over detection
Cover all attack vectors
Applying the most advanced technology
Update your device’s threat intelligence
Although cyber attacks are very detrimental, you can detect and prevent the attacks, you know.

Headings are cool
======

You can have many headings
======

Aren't headings cool?
------
