---
title: 'Why Should You Become a Programmer?'
date: 2015-08-14
permalink: /posts/2012/08/Why Should You Become a Programmer?/
tags:
  - Programmer
  - Programming
  - Computer
---

In today’s modern era, there are still many programmers who complain and feel trapped in the computer world. In fact, they themselves chose computer majors during college and then plunged into the industry. Some of them said that working as a programmer was under high pressure and the stress level was quite high.


Why Should You Become a Programmer?
But did you know that there are many advantages to being a programmer? Moreover, we live surrounded by advanced technology so that the benefits of being a programmer are more than doubled compared to 5 to 10 years ago.

Then, why do we have to be programmers?

1. Mastering various programming languages
In the world of work, mastering English has certainly become commonplace for most people, but in the world of programming, mastering various programming languages ​​is a great thing for programmers. There are various programming languages ​​including Pascal, C++, C, HTML, JavaScript, Python, and so on that can be focused one by one to the advanced level. The more programming languages ​​that programmers master, the more qualified the skills and the more sought after by big companies.

2. Beneficial for Yourself and Many People
Have you ever imagined living in this day and age but no programmers? It’s not just a hassle in terms of communication, but many things that should be done quickly and efficiently, actually take longer. For example, a programmer is able to create super-fast communication tools such as email and instant messengers. This application can even be downloaded on a smartphone and can be easily used by many people to communicate.

3. Unlock Multiple Sources of Income
It is undeniable that being a programmer has many sources of income. This is because they are able to create an application that they can offer to large companies. They are also able to create buying and selling websites, create free applications that can load ads, and much more. Even in the world of work, a programmer is paid an above average salary, and some of them also work as freelancers who don’t rely on just one company as a source of income. What’s more, the opportunity to glance at a company like Google does not rule out the possibility of approaching them.

Headings are cool
======

You can have many headings
======

Aren't headings cool?
------
