---
title: "Electronic Government have Build Smart City"
collection: talks
type: "Tutorial"
permalink: /talks/2020-01-01-tutorial-1
venue: "Bandung Convention Centre"
date: 2020-01-01
location: "Indonesia"
---

[More information here](https://sociabuzz.com/satriaadhipradana)

E-government and smart city are two concepts that are closely related to each other, and they both aim to improve the efficiency, transparency, and quality of government services using digital technology.

E-government refers to the use of digital technology to deliver government services to citizens, businesses, and other stakeholders. This includes online portals for paying taxes, applying for permits, and accessing government information, as well as digital platforms for communicating with government officials and participating in policy-making processes.

The benefits of e-government are numerous, including improved transparency, increased efficiency, and reduced costs. By providing citizens with access to government services online, e-government can also improve access to services and reduce the time and cost associated with traditional in-person transactions.

Smart city, on the other hand, refers to the use of digital technology to improve the quality of life for citizens in urban areas. This includes the use of data analytics to optimize traffic flow, reduce energy consumption, and improve public safety, as well as the deployment of smart infrastructure such as connected streetlights and smart waste management systems.

The goal of smart city initiatives is to create more livable and sustainable urban environments, with a focus on improving the quality of life for citizens while also promoting economic growth and environmental sustainability.

While e-government and smart city are two distinct concepts, they are often implemented together as part of broader digital transformation initiatives. By leveraging digital technology to improve government services and create more livable and sustainable urban environments, e-government and smart city initiatives can help to improve the quality of life for citizens and create a more efficient and effective government.
